It’s difficult to tell something about « fear ». Also because every time it is different. The fear to be not able of speaking, the fear to be not able of acting, to be alone, to know not enough; to have no ways out but only fixed courses and the fear to be not able of breathing the real air, to be far away from the changes of your own people; the fear to be always out of place and to be forced to stay in places where you wouldn’t like to stay. But always with a common denominator: it’s immediately fear. Imposed by the external conditions, swallowed every day with the same constancy of the passing minutes. In the close of a jail or inside the stomach of a mine, in your bed at night or, sometimes, on the stage; a morning when you can’t get up to go working or one night watching the river. But nothing can really get in our eyes remaining just a word, a sign unfleshed by the abuse of its meaning: is the depth of the « simple » living that takes away the dust, that changes the colors, that presents a breath and so the fear can be touched, sniffed, waited, circumscribed, faced somehow. VOGHERA (a naked tune: the time/tempo of the drum - the passing time and the subjective time; a voice; a far and extraneous sound of a saxophone) is a jail for women: here some of them had decided some time ago to choose maternity: aseptic words that mean very precise lives, years, places, feelings. Voghera seems an empty circle. If the mass media tell something about it, it is just for saying: »Look ou! Think about what you’re doing if you don’t want to end up in this place » or « do a quiet life and so Voguera will not exist ». Precisely an empty circle, that everyone can fill up like he wants: with words, images, convictions, ideological propositions, but it’s a circle. The Indians of America divided the world and the life in circles: their houses had a circular shape too. The beginning and the ending unite. Where: a point at random but everything unites. And, where it just seems to be a point of ending, of death, here thirst of life comes up, the push to transmit it, the proposal to the world of a new life, the struggle for a better world, the beginning of other circles. ACQUA DI LUNA (« moon water ») is what, according to a popular saying from Borneo, springs at last at the light of the moon after being hidden for a long time.


« …he is born on the third of November, first day of snow of the year. »
« …the hours of the evening, of the night, like the other things…waiting…to live a present where eternally something fails, the most important things, to wait for a future that is a tangle, ‘couse, we already know, it will be the same of this present which we don’t give up to live. The hours of the new day with the same times ».
« …the clock says the hours. But which hours?…On, back…on, back… You miss the voices, you miss them to say the time, to fill up this place…monstrous silence ».
« …There is almost the fear to tell us everything, we speak about what we are living, but something fails…It’s hard to tell the limits, easy to understand these walls too heavy, hard to insert the overload of the mind. »
« I try to sleep, but the sleep doesn’t come; who knows if the others are still here. »
« …I break the time, I break this clock useless by now, this time said by someone else, of days, of hours, minutes. »
« …The want of music…scentes and colors… without anything to remember. »

(From: « Letters from Voghera-Messina-Mantova-Le Vallette di Torino.
A documentation about the health inside the female jail in Italy »)

Voghera.

Two stones fall on the iron and invisible door
Two hours born by chance dead every day
Glasses that make a labored breathing
The round wardrobe touches the sky/ceiling
The day and the night opened by the walls and the skin
With their noises
The love and the thin hairs of the children
Red iron in your nails
And break the pencil, stubborn
She understands the time,
You’re outside and inside it
And the voice gets tired faster then
You don’t know when
You don’t know when
Yesterday also you were here outside
Today you are all and you
Two hours born by chance dead all days
Run now, run now, run now,
The bed doesn’t speak
Leave it, let it dream
Run now.


He pantomimed putting a gun to the head of an imaginary dog on the ground and pulled the trigger several times- the next day the dead bodies were dragged away without mention and now when the soldiers patrol the beach they are less of a nuisance.

Zippolite is also known as « Playa de Muerte » or « Beach of Death » or « Beach of the dead » as in another time Zapoteca Indians utilized the strong current there to carry away their dead who they would leave on the beach- some distance from the shore lie two rock protuberances jutting from the water the first and smaller greedy with some form of vegetation the second raping the waves a large crag of unbleached stone sitting in the ocean like a floating skull-
On the beach a sign is posted with this warning: «  corriente peligroso » dangerous wave the tide is rumored to have taken 9 lives in some duration of the more recent past.

In articulo Mortis
L’homme: « ELLE DORT? EST-CE QU’ELLE DORT? »
La femme: « ELLE VIENT JUSTE DE S’ENDORMIR »
L’enfant. « DEPUIS SEPT ANS JE DORS. ILS VONT FINIR PAR M’OUBLIER ET JE ME REVEILLERAIS DANS MA TOMBE. »
La femme: « LE TEMPS… »
L’homme: « QUEL TEMPS? LE TIENS, LE MIEN OU LE SIEN? »

La femme: « SOITA, SOITA, REVEILLE-TOI SOITA, REVEILLE-TOI! »
L’enfant: « NON, NON, NON…..
Pascale JAKUBOWSKI


Pneuma ha ïato
Se agranare d’intrisa o arsa asma, come il troncamento torce in arcam prossimo pietrame (dove imbestialisce un incrinato sfregio), è vibrare l’intriso e digrigna sparente gravido bi forcamento, mattare-abradere la clavicola in morso tellurico (etimo) è incidere.
Questo crudo otre infesta l’osso, asperge la finitima consono Anza e midollare ed estrude ed erode l’idra per fonetico lui go acceca, recide, macera, questo gonfio contorno, scempio, metastasi.
Dirimare corde quasi mascellare demone, il fine vibrato; ora si massacra (è il plesso finale) ed è saccheggiare la rossa lamia.
Così lo squarciare greve la trofica permeazione impronta l’i gne radiale, l’opaco scuotere in dimorfismo o ramo s’immola (il referente serico è scorticato), si rivela il labbro atro ce, estirpa tale sordido ciclo genuflesso, ed è epurare in densità, Sgranare.
Paroksi-eksta


IF YOU ARE THE SON OF GOD
THEN HOW CAN YOU NOT KNOW
THAT YOU WILL BE ABUSED
THE WAY YOUR TEACHING WILL BE USED

Death’s Door
Perfunct outshone scoffed in the mist,
Irregular in the shining night.
Glimmers appear in my eye, immigrant spirit lecher occupies -
Designate or bust.
Stuffy antiseptic mouthwash mood
Hot breath breaches back of a boy’s neck.
A scratch across the shimmer,
Gouged across the best bit,
Standing too close to the page.
Misted grave inscriptions rarely any use,
But when they work, somehow sliding into sleep
Relinquished to absurdity, the dream haze is real.

Leprous breathy moist on me,
Back aches for sight, my spine wants eyes
Danger sensor kidney spot,
Can’t rest even on wall solid upright shield.
In the student castle, everything’s the one to have,
The have-nots yawn at the turrets,
From the heights it looks like a wail.
Return of the knight errant,
Nodding out the smiles of perfect.
Awaken to late at a fireside, the night receding,
Reflective idyll second chance,
Reflex mirror shines malignant.
Trapped a bit of waking light.

Sleep lingers on, same cold stone underfoot,
Moon spliced by branches rustling,
Aching clouds stretch.
All the edges sharp, the gulls shriek,
Too dreamy for the daylight.
The coldest moon lingers, caustic bent flame
The funeral men stand up inside, to go,
Mean morsels in their mouths, dripping.
Cocked hats grin for their heads,
The mouths hold the captive teeth firm.
Shadow staggers and my figure follows-
They breathe on the flame, doused by spit, falls to the ground,
Groans and bleeds, soaked up by soil.
Crumbled bells click dead,
Creaking gate swinging on a single hinge.
Up a parody hillside limp cock pisses
Over my shaky hand, not even warm.
I see my Schreck shadow leave,
Fluttering without feeling.

(C) Stephen E. Thrower 1985






« I used to think religion was all bunch of hocus-pocus, but these patients have convinced me that the Bible is true: There is both a Heaven and a Hell, » Dr. Rawlings said.
Dr. Rawlings described one harrowing episode after a patient collapsed in his office:
« His heart stopped, and I immediately began resuscitation. I started external heart massage as a nurse initiated mouth to mouth breathing. It took several minutes to bring him around, and during that time he was clinically dead.
« The patient began ‘coming to.’. But whenever I would reach for instruments or otherwise interrupt my compression of his chest, the patient would again lose consciousness… and die once more.
He had a terrified look worse than the expression seen in death!
« He said, ‘Don’t you understand? I am in Hell. Each time you quit I go back to Hell! Don’t let me go back to Hell!
Other patients described Hell as what appeared to be an « underground » tunnel leading into a cave filled with awful eery sounds. There was an odor of decay… and some of the workers were only half human.
One patient told of descending through a tunnel lined by fire in its lower half, opening into a huge fiery world of horror.

« THE FEARFUL AND UNBELIEVING ».
My gums bleed, it’s early morning, the bed smells funny. The curtains are tangled with the bedclothes. My eyes are too dry and the carpet needs hoovering, and has done for days. There’s a plastic bag full of mainly paper rubbish, mixed with screwed up toilet roll, teetering near the door.
The sky is dead. Almost too listless to remain above the dull grooves. The ghost of the sky is draped like an invisible shroud over the buildings and railway sidings outside. St. Paul’s is bland in the distance.
Tiny slivers of dream picture make pinpricks in my memory. The dreams must have been poor- nothing sticks. There’s a strong wind outside, and too much dirt in the air to risk going out. My eyes would be ground to pulp. Standing naked in the shaving mirror- my ribs show, my sides stick out and I’m too pale.

MY FANTASTIC PHRASES BELY ME

« Each time he regained heartbeat and respiration the sometime ritual percussionist and free-form ambient scratch video director screamed « I am in Hell! ».






If there were words to halt the rush,
Or rather, slow it to the heart’s pace,
Would I speak in honesty,
The quieter drawings of love cannot be tapped for their energies,
In bleakness
The life at my fingertips
Is my only link,
The wind in the trees is not so light.
Sharing offers salvation from the grey and pitiless shapes,
But to touch is in, and of itself,
We realize but cannot contain-
Fishes in the water

VERBOTEN

OUR LADY OF THE BATTLE FIELDS

I’m tired of the glib sentiments and trite words that drip thick and sickly like cough syrup upon the cold tiled floor/small talking little bullets to pass the time of day and nite and nite and lifetime/truly are social pleasantries the extent of our shared understanding. It all rings so hollow in the cold haze of morning. 
I’m tired of the shit. Of the deadpan resignation of the red rimmed commuter eye of the early morning stony faced death grip of the pinstriped passer-by and the grey suited Lynch mob/ the gardeners of treblinka and card sharks of Saigon/
FORGIVE THEM FATHER FOR THEY KNOW WHAT THEY ARE DOING BUT HAVE NEVER BOTHERED TO STOP AND ASK THEMSELVES WHY THEY ARE DOING IT.
I’m tired and insulted by the flat dimensionless women with waxed siliconed flesh and and razor blades lip/cunts. These smiling flesh heaps and beckoning whores. Which crush sensitivity in their plastic palms. I’m tired of this trickery this glossy seduction, this glistening rape. I’m tired of having fuckups inflicted on my life. These shit piles which muddy the path of true growth and realization. I’m tired of being tired. I’m tired of the word I. I’m tired tired of the word we which pushes me further into my aloneness. I’m tired of the limitations of description. I’m tired and horrified of the quick and arbitrary slaughter of the bomb. The piercing selectiveness of the bullet. The cold impassionate blade of the knife the fleshy cruelty of the fist, and the slow murky dirge of self annihilation. Of mind and body. I’m disgusted by the mute acceptance of these atrocities. I’m tired of the passer-by and the man on the street, the violent, silent majority the weak pulse of inhumanity. Silence is a signature on the petition of war. I’m tired of the endless separations, judgements based on genitalia. The stupidity of combating oppression with more oppression. I’m tired by the saccharine sonatas and sugary soliloquies of love. Which by their very existence make a mockery out of it. Where there is hatred envy and fear how could there be love. I’m tired of seeing every space created filled with crap. I’m tired of having my passion and pain designed into fashion and fum by people who are as shallow as the ink they defile the newsprint and drawing board with. I’m tired of the drossy liberalism of those just doing their job. The matrons in the madhouse, the sonderkommandos in the gas chambers, the butchers, the teacher, the vivisectionist
